Well, basically, normally most of the time, all the rooms only have single beds in,
so all they've done is pushed two single beds together.
But because of the framework on the outside, it leaves quite a gap in between the two beds,
so it's not an ideal situation.
You know, we basically have to roll up another quilt.
It's like a quilted blanket, isn't it?
And we roll that up and slide that down.
But it's still not ideal, but it's better than nothing at all.
What do you need in order to just have a double bed?
We need two profilers, or the two sides that profile,
but both sides need to be able to raise up so that they can gather hoists underneath.
I know they are available, but I also know they carry a pretty price tag.
So would you have to pay for that, or would the council have to pay?
No, we would.
We would have to pay, unfortunately.
How does it feel having to sleep in that situation?
Soul strain.
You can't lie next to your husband at night
and even do something simple like fall asleep with your head in his chest.
No simple things that most people take for granted in a normal double bed.
We miss that.
And we're not even talking about the intimate side of it.
That is the icing on the cake.
I mean, that can be got round in a hammock if you feel that way inclined,
but it is just, like Steve said, the very basic things of watching a film
and putting your arms around each other.
Just lots of little things really.
Just stop for a minute.